java won't work on it
flash is bad
comercials
inconvinient when playing a multitude of games
Used it back I LoA II
if I decide to stay in LoA III I will install GTarcade again.
Non associa il mio account principale
ma ne crea uno nuovo tutte le volte
it opens automatically as soon as I turn on the pc
missing connection with existing facebook account
weiss ich nicht
Convenience on facebook
language missing
It tries to start me all over with a new character.... i asked for help so i submit a ticket but they wont help me.My character is Bayoubandit and server is s
Can't synchronize Facebook account
won't let me use email that is apparently  linked to another game.
I play through my Facebook account. When I installed GTargade Desktop there
I wanted to create a new account that I did not want. If I can log in with my current account then I would use GTarcadeDesktop.
I have failed to login to my account
I do not know what my password for the game is after I log in to my facebook account
never stop to use
My progress on Facebook kept the same as I got better
but on Gameroom
it reset all the way to the hero selection
so now my progress on Facebook vs GTarcade desktop is no longer synced
es funktioniert nicht
Because I hate using Windows
it so much slower and has a bad memory handling. If you would make a version for Linux
I'd be happy to try it out.
doesnt load
volevo disinstallarlo dal PC ma l'applicazione stessa me lo impediva
I like the facebook version.
Extremely CPU/GPU usage. Intel Cor i7 8550U Processor min 25% CPU and 50% GPU NVidia MX150
i can't connect anymore with my facebook account.
very expensive
needs to many resources
Need recharge to become stronger
could not link with fb account
I can't play my main character while being on the same server as it.
crashes to black screen contantly
Couldn't log in
I dont get the daily rewards
always loaded up when not playing
playing at work. not installing software.
I play on my cellphone with a flash extension app
not being able to connect with facebook and gt arcade
not remember
je joue sur facebook
It made me log-in every single time and now I can't even remove it from my computer.
deixa meu pc lento
Signed in with Facebook credentials but it does not import my Facebook progress into the desktop game.
The boss event can't be launched from this interface
i play on facebook.com and if i switch to GTarcade i would loose all my progress and have to restart
refused to load my account and forced me to make a new account
tried to use it to complicated
not english
I HAD TO START A NEW GAME WHEN LOGGING IN AND I WANT TO KEEP THE ONE I ALREADY STARTED.
complicated
não achei muito legai mas agora estou voltando a jogar com tudo
my pc crashed
I like playing on FB
parents did not approve having it download
After downloading and starting it
I logged in as a Facebook user
but
it makes me start from scratch.
I do not use GTarcade Desktop becouse it do not work at XP system:-P
Won't let me add my fb account
No attach my account
dose not work for me
dont wanna use time on login
I am unable to log on from the client so I have to use facebook in order to play the game
Nunca vinculo a mi personaje con mi cuenta
se conecta a mi cuenta de facebook
pero no vincula a mi personaje por mas que selecciono el servidor correcto
i made my account on facebook
cant transfer it to gt arcade
never got credited for install so why bother
jo
mouse stay off
can't login to my character
had to make enw account
não fiz download
canot continue playing with facebook account
Mac book
I have a Mac and apple will not let load it.
Unable to sync the game with my FB account
stating it's already synched to another account.
was asking to redo a new character i havent been able to get the 1 i have on facebook
i am running other programs at the same time
Computador deu virus
Could not connect to my current game on Mac
did not receive promised rewards.
no speed+ and too lag on mac
Computer slows down when i run it
just usually forget to log in there cause i'm running 2 accounts
you have not the good username
After I open it
I read: "We try to connect you..."  ...and try it....and try it.......and try it........(after 1 hour).........it's still trying......
Not in Spanish
I prefer to play in a browser tab instead of on the whole screen.
freezing and slower load time
preferable play on browser
nainstalovat
hra se pokazit
moc pomalé
většinou se sekne a odměny nikde
not work on my MAC
i couldn't connect with fb account
la presentation etait horrible je veut dire l'interface
i can not connect with facebook (no icon or does not work)
No Linux version. Couldn't load Paradise Land on older Windows PC
sometimes login needs A LOT longer than via Gameroom or doesn't work at all. freezes happened too.
I don't know why
but I have two characters in the game
and I can not play with my main character
lag
lag
lag
no linux version
I actually don't know
my partner also plays loa3 on my laptop and it wont allow me to logout of his account so i can sign into mine
creat another account with another password
When I loaded it on my desktop and tried to start playing even after I said load from facebook it wanted me to start over
Because browser version fastest and i want only mobile version (example LG K4 2017)
keine möglichkeit die code zu bekommen und einzulösen
j'avais commencé sur facebook j'avais déjà un haut niveau
mais en prenant gt arcade c'est comme si j'avais jamais joué
je perdais toute la progression déjà faite
j'avais pas envie de reprendre tout à zéro
donc je continue via gameroom
logout
?i'm playing with it... ?
I get sent to a new acount when logging in and i want to keep playing the one iv taken up..
i never use it
Just forgotting about it from time to time
logs in to a diffent acount that is not mine wont let me log in with facebook
i play server 1 and after few month i cant server 210 boz my email is registreg :(  /2 GT ARGADE to server 1
It won't let me log in from the GT Arcade application
spam inicializing slows computer
wala
always fail to synchronize your facebook accoun
I cant bring up my FB player account which is what i started with first and I dont want to start over.
On MAC OS can not play old my character.
found no real benefit to use it
there is no speed or speed+ feature in the app and it is slow as hell
I cant't play whit my facebook hero in there.
i play Facebook   game
Mistaken character on my account. Can't use my facebook char.
nie wczytuje zapisu z obecnej gry a nie zacznę od nowa
Tell me howww to make it wirk onsecond sever?
it would not let me login with my exiting account
it crashed my computer
:d
i cant sing in
borning
took space on hard drive
wont sink my fb toon
Takes a lot of RAM
will not let me log in or set up an new account --- FUKING JUNK
It makes me start over and not allow me to use my current account.
was not aware of other .
I plat 90% of my games thru facebook gameroom.
kept trying to sign in whenever i turned the computer on
i played it on facebook everyday
always stuck at "Sub Progess:92%" "13/14 Loading resource uiCommon.uibaz"
I cannot uninstall this shit
it is big fckin virus
infecting all my comp
my PC broke
new one loaded by facebook
recommencer mon perso depuis le début
shortage the rewards described and breaks with serwer connection
Cause me a Blue Screen
cannot play with facebook account
It just doesn't work on my MacBook
it auto loads
tired
boring
it was uninstalled by tech support for melware not sure if it had or not
Have to refresh constanatly
It won't load the game from gtarcade
none of the graphics showed when i played it and i can't buy a better pc cause I was laid off due to a brain stroke
nejít se připojit na můj level
házet mě to stále na novou hru
...to nechci
...já level 140 a nezačínat od začátku !!!!!!!
I have not left it
it cant find my email adress.
lost interest in the game after the last nerf which killed my glow
Couldn't recognize my FB version
can't get it uninstalled
my characters level in using facebook is 60+ but when i used Gtarcade desktop it went back to lvl.1 and i need to make a new char
wouldn't load correctly
cant load the game.